    Hello, you may have noticed something odd in my program, there are no comments at all. I do have a reason for this, and hopefully you will come to understand by the end
of this short documentation. Comments are ususally denoted with a # or / or * or <!-- or something similar. There function is to explain code, to make it more user Friendly
However, I have a few problems with this. If your code is so unreadable that you need to put comments in your code, you should probably refactor your code to be more
intuitive. Another common usecase for comments that you will see is for explaining functions or classes in programming. This is a fair argument however there are better
ways around it. If people are having a difficult time understanding what a class is doing, here are some steps you can follow to avoid the use of comments.
    1. Have more descriptive names for variables
       Instead of naming your variables numOne, and numTwo or userInput or other non descriptive names, use real names for what they represent. This will avoid confusion,
       and remove the need for comments explaining variable names.
    2. Have more descriptive names for functions
       Don't just give your functions arbituary names like run, or main, or call. Give them names that actually have meaning. A good rule of thumb that I have found is to
       name your function based of what their function is.
    3. Refactor your code to be more human readable
       This means to use syntax that is eaiser to read by humans, I would always opt for anything that uses 'and', 'if', 'or', 'not', or 'nor', instead of &, !, and so on
       The only exceptions to this rule are if you are using languages like x86, or C where 'and', 'AND', and '&' all mean different things.
USE CASES FOR COMMENTS
    Despite all of this there are some use cases for comments. The following are some times that you should use comments.
    1. If you code is heavily mathimatical in it's syntax. Say you are writing a machine learning model or something that is basically statistics on steroids.
    2. You could write comments to explain how to use a program, not to explain it.

Finally, keep in mind these rules only apply to solo projects. If you are collaberating don't be a dick, just put comments in your code, especially if you are changing
someone elses work.